Add 3R2 FA news post (#5938)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-08-04-new-featured-artist-3r2.md

---
layout: post
title: "New Featured Artist: 3R2"
date: 2021-08-04 10:00:00 +0000
---

**3R2** joins the ranks as the newest addition to our Featured Artist lineup!

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/187/header.jpg)

> A long-time contributor to all corners of the gaming sphere, **3R2** (a.k.a. **DJ Mashiro**) is a Taiwan-based composer, arranger, and DJ. Anyone in the rhythm game world likely needs no introduction to this creator given he's worked for some of the scene's biggest titles like *Cytus*, *Deemo*, *CHUNITHM*, *Arcaea*, and *Muse Dash*. On the non-rhythm side of gaming, he also produced the soundtracks for *Little With Nobeta* and *Rabi-Ribi*!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a long-time contributor to all corners of the gaming sphere, **3R2** (a.k.a. **DJ Mashiro**) is a Taiwan-based composer, arranger, and DJ. Anyone in the rhythm game world likely needs no introduction to this creator given that he's worked for some of the scene's biggest titles like *Cytus*, *Deemo*, *CHUNITHM*, *Arcaea*, and *Muse Dash*. On the non-rhythm side of gaming, he also produced the soundtracks for *Little Witch Nobeta* and *Rabi-Ribi*!
```

Author: leaving the first but applied the other 2

Reviewer: just preference, so it's alright
